communication is defined 
unnderstading and imagination among varius parties, 

business includes those organizations, which are engaged in the production and distribution of goods and services to earn profit. 
therefore business communication means, flow of information, perception e.t.c. either within a business organization or outside the organization 
among diffrent parties.

Explanation : 
     flow between two or more parties. in business communication the meterial flow from one to another person
     orr from many persons to diffrent people's.this flow make either be inside the organization or outside the organization.

flow of iniformation takes place when a party transfers meterial to another mine. for example, when a newscaster says, " pakistan has conducted nuclear tests on 28th may 1998 ".
this is a flow of information from newscaster to listeners.flow of perception means of different feelings. finaly, flow of imaginaton that occur's when a painter conways his or her imagination through a portrait.

External communication : -
     :- hiring the employees
     :- dealing with customers
     :- nigotiating with suppliers and finances
     :- informing the investors
     :- interacting with the government

Communicatin inside organization : -

    different employees and officials in an organization need to communicate to each other. this initernal communication with itrs imortance is shown in the following ways:
    :- setting goals and objectives
    :- making and implementing decisions
    :- manufacturing the product
    :- interaction between employer and employees
    

Diffrentiate between formal and informal language :-

                                                    Formal : - { 
                                                                      :- it is a languages spoken in office, business and other formal places 
 				      :-  proper  and standerd words are uses.
				      :- it consist of specific purpose words like manager, supervisor, owner, employer etc.
			                      :-  it is used comperetively less than informal language.
				      :- it is used when the speaker is relaxed.
				   }
                                                   Informal : - { 
 					 :- it is a language at home or with friend.
					 :- improper word and slangs are used.
					 :- it has all purpose words like boss that stands for various personalities.
					 :- it is used in daily life.
					 :- it is used when speaker is in a hurry
				}

7 C's :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Correctness :-  [{

  spellings, facts and figures should be accurate :
  use the correct level of language. {
                                                                incorrect : - we thank you in anticipation of this curtsy and assure you that it will be pleasure to serve you in simmiler manner
				correct : -   i will appriciate you for helping us let me know when i will return the payment 
				}
  include only accurate facts and figures.
  maintain acceptable writing machanics.

}]

Conciseness : [ {
  Trite : {
               with trite : -   in accordance with your request of recent date, we are enclosing here with our cashiers check in the amount of rupees 20 thousands, representing a withdraw of saidsaving account number : 3593
               concise version : - accoring to your request of april 25, check of rupees 20 thounsand is enclosed
    Avoid unnessesary repetition : {
                      example :- I have your letter of october 14 and wish to say that we will be glad to give you a refuund for shirt you purchase here last week
                      example : - you can avail refund for the shirt you purchased last week
               }
            } 
}]

Clarity : [
 {
    a) Choose words that are short, fimilier and conversational.
    b) Construct effective santances and paragraph's.
    c) achive appropiate readability.
    d) include example's , illustrations etc.
 }
 {
      example :- the bank statement shows an overdraft of ruppes 10 thousands.
      example:- the bank statement shows an access withdrawl of rupees 20 thousands.
 }
]

Completeness : - [{  
     a) answer all questions asked.
     b) give something when desireable.
     c) check for five W's. (what, when, where, who, why, how )
}]

Concreteness : [
 {
     Use specific facts and figures
     put action in the work : { 
                     they held meeting in the office
                     they met in the office
          }
     choose viviv image building words : {
                     this is a very good computer
                     the PV 800 mhz, 20gb hv, 64mb ram, 5mb cashe, intel gen proccssor, in its casing is a computer of new millennuim 
    } 
 }
sentances {
   these brackes stop car within short distance.
   the haidrolic presure brackes stop a car with a distance of two feet as soon as they are applied
 }
]

Considration : [{
     defination :- 
     apply integrity in the message 
     emphesise the positive 

     example : We do not refund if the refund item is sold and unsaleable.
     positive : We do refund if the returned item is cleaned and saleable
}]

7) courtesy : [{
 be tackfull 

 example : your letter is not complete i can not understand. 
             if i understand your letter correctly , you want to say that ------- 

 omit expression that can irritate
 example : you have faild, your have no choice, you neglect, you clame that.
 if you want to show the curtsy with the customer

 answer or male promtly 
 grant and apologize 

 it is always adviseable to give some favor to the customer if he ask for it
 if a mistake is commited it is ok to apologize

}]